A UNIVERSITY OF Office of International Education (OIE) '71,  T E XA S CPT: Student Information ARLINGTON syt Center 1022 UTA Bivd, Box 19028 Arlington, TX 76019-0028 PH (817) 272-2355 FAX (817) 272-5005 Biographical Data Student Name Birth Date UTID % E-mail Gender:  ( Male C Female Cauntry of Citizenship Immigration Status Expected Graduation (Semester / Year) Current degree level Current Major U.S, Street Address City State Zip Phone General Requirements: Students must meet the following to be eligible for CPT:  F-1 Student. % Good Academic Standing  Full time enrollment in the US for at least one academic year. % Full time cnrollment in current degree program for at lcast one scmester at UT-Arlington,  Enrollment in the corresponding internship course at UT-Arlington.  The employment requested is an integral part of the degree program. Specific Requirements: Pleae read the following and initial: T understand that: My I-20 end date is T understand that I cannot extend my 1-20 based on my intcrnship.,  Part-Time CPT (20hrs/week or less) requires full time enrollment.  Tam allowed only two semesters of CPT (full or part time). % Tmust submit a complete application to the OIE for cach CPT. My CPT dates may not span more than one semester. I understand that my slart date must be between the day after the last day of the previous semester and the midsession date and my end date must be before the start of the next semester.  If T want to change cmployers or discontinue my employment, I will speak with an OIR advisor immediatcly.  T'may not begin working until I have reccived employment authorization (new 1-20) from the OIE. Procedure for approval: - Talk to your academic advisor to discuss internship options in your specific degree program - Interview and get an ofter letter for an INTERNSHIP position. An internship is defined as supervised employment of limited duration, with education and experience being its primary function.  Fwoll in the corresponding intemship course.  Have your academic advisor fill out the CPT Academic Advisor Recommendation form. - Bring the following documents to OIE for processing: Employment Offer Letter CPT Academic Advisor Recommendation Form/Student Information Form Within 7-10) business days, the OIE will determine eligibility and issue a new I-20 authorizing the employment for the specified dates. Once you receive your new 1-20, you may begin working on the start date listed on page 3. I have fully completed the above information and understand the regulations regarding this process: Signature Date You may be entitled to know what information The University of Texas at Arlington (UT Arlington) collects concerning you. You may review and have UT Arlington correct this information according to procedures set forth in UTS 139. The law is found in sections 552.021, 552.023 and 559.004 of the Texas Government Code. \x0c